we came back here with the world championship
lady from the south west of the
A cold winter of chipping my friend.
I'm mad, I brought it to my scarf and
here by my side
the great or the very exclusive oil
campelo just the expectations for
this big game is really me
gathered in this wonderful championship of
checkers two exceptional players from one
Russian side whose korniev kaspary eggs and
of the other patient of rio de janeiro josé
Marinas Lima who actually traveled that did not
is to dispel this match and promises to do
an exceptionally good match then
expectations are best for the
Last
Let's play a great game of the game.
I used to eat the Russian piece
I give the change
the Russian play with the son in the ritter
and the spectacular food from the
It's a matter of fact and no shadow of the move is now
the moment of tension in the game and much
emotion is also vibration emotion tension
and the galaxy anxious corrosion but what
pass is dumb in bubacar look at the ball
scroll Portuguese
the sapphire turned chocolate
and your river lance if it really is
enviable also envied his clothes and
boy a good pain show up now at home
makes' autumn cold from the outside outside is
really have to be curious
we had a little unexpected but let's go
continuing in that Russian moment
massacring actually takes a
Russian massacre does not slap toy no
was exactly on average the game
dk victory of the muncipio wonder that
Did you find this answer helpful?
Wonderful, my only wonderful
narration
I find it wonderful all the game really
indefensible played a precise salary
exímio player esculacham humiliated the
brazilian antonio brigadeiro lime much
congratulations
Congratulations, congratulations, congratulations.
What a happy day you had 20
Russian really showed that he was not
To kidding and now let's go straight
with our reporter creamy hawk
our direct link with russia
we're here
there think